The five-stage design thinking process.
	- developed by global design company IDEO
	- David Kelly, Bill Moggridge, Mike Nuttall (founders of IDEO) and Tim Brown (CEO, IDEO)
	- Roger Martin (Rotman School)

“The design thinking process in a nutshell is really deeply understanding people and their needs, synthesizing down what problems you’re going to solve, ideating around what concepts to design, and then prototyping and testing over and over again while getting real user feedback,” says Dryer.

Design thinking is a type of creative problem solving. 
“It’s a way of thinking and making that keeps the user at the center of everything,” explains experience designer Meg Dryer. 

“It’s a human-centered approach to developing products, services, and experiences.” 

	The five stages of design thinking, according to the d.school, are:

		Empathize: research your users' needs.

		Define: state your users' needs and problems.

		Ideate: challenge assumptions and create ideas.

		Prototype: start to create solutions.

		Test: try your solutions out.

	1. Empathize: Study the values of your users.
		Observe: Watch users go about their business.
		Engage: Interview and interact with users.
		Immerse: Put yourself in their shoes.

	2. Define: Name the problem that you’ll solve.

	3. Ideate: Come up with creative solutions.

	4. Prototype: Fail fast to learn fast.

	5. Test: Go back to the drawing board.

The Design Thinking Process:

	INSPIRATION

	Understand
	Observe
	POV

	IDEATION
	
	Ideate
	Prototype
	Test

	IMPLEMENTATION

	Story Telling
	Pilot
	Business Model	

*Design thinking is a non-linear process.
*It is important to note the five stages of design thinking are not always sequential. They do not have to follow a specific order, and they can often occur in parallel or be repeated iteratively. The stages should be understood as different modes which contribute to the entire design project, rather than sequential steps.

This is one of the main benefits of the five-stage model. Knowledge acquired in the latter stages of the process can inform repeats of earlier stages. Information is continually used to inform the understanding of the problem and solution spaces, and to redefine the problem itself. This creates a perpetual loop, in which the designers continue to gain new insights, develop new ways to view the product (or service) and its possible uses and develop a far more profound understanding of their real users and the problems they face.

The Take Away

Design thinking is an iterative, non-linear process which focuses on a collaboration between designers and users. It brings innovative solutions to life based on how real users think, feel and behave.

This human-centered design process consists of five core stages Empathize, Define, Ideate, Prototype and Test.

It’s important to note that these stages are a guide. The iterative, non-linear nature of design thinking means you and your design team can carry these stages out simultaneously, repeat them and even circle back to previous stages at any point in the design thinking process.
