I am trying everyday with the best of my abilities to make something of myself worthwhile in this world.

I am learning computer science, I am learning python, I am learning git & github, I am learning bash/linux, I am learning how to type in different languages/dialects using keyboard, I am also interested in cracking machine learning, deep learning, data science, artificial intelligence.

I want to remake myself, I am inspired by glorious works like Rishab Shetty's Kantara film, I miss not being completely immersed in culture and nature of my surrounding thorugh films and songs and love.

I am doing the best work of my life by learning how to use a computational system, but I cannot stop asking more and more in life and working hard to reach legendary level for myself.

I have figured out how to learn something using simple memorization, but now I am finding it difficult to get resources which are actually very useful for high speed learning in computer science.

If I am not blessed with a guide, a teacher, a mentor, a friend, a support of any kind from external world, I will create the support from inside, I will create a world of my inside that will help me grown even though I have nothing to hold on to in this world except for the land under my feet.

I am very near now, I must learn basic bash, python and git to make something of myself.

I will remember anything of these three topics that i find cool and useful while studying from anywhere on the internet and live to become an awesome computer science engineer, i pledge to become a great artist and an organiser too. 

When I ask myself, how did i find the things to repeat or memorize or understand or practice for the body, i get no answer as if I was taught all of these when i was a young boy.
I know good brain foods and good brain exercises, now is the question how to get it, where to get it, when to get it, how to create these food.

'''
In the 20th century, Paul Ekman identified six basic emotions (anger, disgust, fear, happiness, sadness, and surprise) and Robert Plutchik eight, which he grouped into four pairs of polar opposites (joy-sadness, anger-fear, trust-distrust, surprise-anticipation).
'''

