Father told me, you get one more year to get a good CS job
I said I got to do it in the next 2 months.

I feel powerful, but lazy to study so much too, but I dont want to lose this golden opportunity to get a big job.

I just need to become very good at Data Structures and Algorithms, I think that will sort my career out to the average Indian level, which is enough for me now. I am okay with under 20 LPAs.

I need to crack some DSA competition. 
This should be my only goal for the next few months at least.

I love FOSS, but I get overwhelmed by the amount work that is needed to do a single contribution.
I want a foss job, but I think DSA is more important and it will help me more in the journey to become a good FOSS coder.

I forked the monkeytype repo on github.
I want to make a Hinglish or Benglish typing website.
This project seems very big for me, I have to learn a lot, but I think it would be worth the ordeal.

I love my life. I hope I can make my parents and my sister and myself proud of me and my achievements.

I will work very hard to learn the technologies required to get a job.
I will work very hard to crack a rank in good DSA websites.

I will learn maths if need be. I will learn other programming language if need be. 
I just want to crack a few competitive programming challenges to be recognised as one who undersetands and can code at intermediate level.

I want to make my journey and achievements so that I can claim a job at MAANG companies and live a good life independently.

There is nothing that is stopping me from getting good ranks and doing good in DSA exams. 
I must not fear. Fear is the mind killer.
I must make my move in it. This is the only way I can make myself proud of myself.

If I cannot do it after one more year of effort, I accept my defeat and do any job that is available for me.
But I must not give up when the time is ripe and I must do just some little work to be good at it.

I will finish memorizing the BLIND 75 sheet of questions and become good at atleast the basics of DSA.
I will do good in Codeforces. I will do good in hackerrank. I will do good in Geeks for Geeks.

Anirban, Belive in yourself, you have brought yourself from debilitating depression to studying the subject you used to love the most in your youth but never got an opportunity to study it vehemently.

I will learn linux, I will learn python, I will learn MLE after getting a job from python and linux. 
I will do awesome work in the field of CSE and people will know me for it.

I will not give up, I will make it in the DSA competitions, I will get one of the coolest job that is available in the world.
I will not do a pity job, I will not eat from the floor, I will not take donations, I will not ask for mercy.

I AM PROUD OF MYSELF AND I WILL MAKE OTHERS PROUD OF ME TOO BY MY RIGOROUS WORK IN THE FIELD OF COMPUTER SCIENCE.
I WILL CRACK THE DATA STRUCTURES AND ALGORITHMS EXAMS ON THE INTERNET.
