I am kind of sad from yesterday when I fell asleep again while watching a lecture.
I am pondering if the field is for me.
I am not very good at things that computer scientists are generally. 

I have to work hard for a long time to be anything worthwhile in this field.

I feel like arts and culture are more like my cup of tea.
But I want money and lots of it too which is only available in short term in Computer Science Engineering and nowhere else as per my wisdom tells me.

I loved the NeetCode explanations of BLIND 75 questions, I plan to do the first 10 of them very seriously today.

I think this is the last try I am going to make, I have never really faced DSA, I have never really faced FOSS contribution, This year I will give my best and see if I can make something of myself or not.
After that, I will get any job that is available to me, and practice computer science along with that, I cannot take any more time I think, societal pressures and expectations and my own are building up on me.

No, FUCK THAT! 

I will make my career just the way I build my body, no matter what, it should look cool and healthy, I will not give up because one day I feel like giving up, Dont lose heart on yourself!!! Dont give up! You can do it if one person other than you have done it before.

I am ready now, rain all the pain that is available in the society to make me mediocre, I will survive and become the best among the public, I will not give up, I will master DSA, you saw how simple it is, you have just been avoiding it like hell for the last year, if you do all the things that you need to do to get a 2.5 crore per annum job and then dont get it, its okay, you will get at least 1 crore job, Dont give up when the times are easy, give up only when you die.

I am ready.
I am prepared for the pain and humiliation that awaits me in my journey to become one of the greatest computer scientist of all time.
You heard what John Carmack said, If everybody tells me it cant be done, I will try as much as possible for me to get it working.
If I feel like it cant be done, it just means you are going to rock at what you are trying so hard at.

You want a hot girl friend.
You want a cool car.
You want a cool house.
You want to travel the world.
You want to live like nobody has lived before.

THEN, YOU GOT TO STUDY LIKE NOBODY HAS DONE BEFORE!!!
AND YOU GOT THAT IN YOU, JUST DO IT, LEARN ALL THE LINUX, LEARN ALL THE PYTHON THAT IS AVAILABLE IN THE WORLD, BECOME AN AWESOME COMPUTER SCINETIST, LIVE YOUR DREAM, YOUR DESTINY IS YOUR DETERMINATION, FAILURES WILL HAPPEN, BUT SUCCESSES WILL FOLLOW THAT TOO.

If you want a hot girl friend like Mohar, work your ass off!
Make the fucking projects!
	make your own youtube, google, amazon, flipkart, twitter, facebook, uber, ola and show these prototypes on your github profile
	make a resume that you will be proud to present to everybody

	make yourself a MAN! 
	make an offer to yourself that you cannot refuse
	dream of a future that fuels you to work hard now because that would be fucking worth it even if you dont reach there ever
	build yourself your own disneyland, your own light-bulb and electric industry
	study DSA, study FOSS

Crack the fucking DSA exams!
Lead in the hackathons!
