i failed to do a lot of the habit targets today
i need to make them shorter

i need to make them like the great learning courses, getting a certificate can be a 1-2 hour deal
in the same manner, getting a tick on doing a habit daily in your personal life should be a two minute thing, not a 1 hour meditation session eight  times a day 7 times a week and  30 days a month

make it short, make it fun, make it compact, make it cool!

learn how to do that in different aspects of your habits like 

DSA - getting to the hackerrank, replit and gfg potd page is a tick mark, trying to do, win or lose is a later decision of habit resultant of the day, it does not mean you did not do something, you tried to do something and does matter, only doing something successfully should not be the  measure of anything

sharing - sharing your failures on socials like discord/gmail/youtube/linkedin/whatsapp/twitter is also essential, its cool, its okay, you will not be abused for that if you do not do it yourself

MLE - going to the kaggle website and reading is a tick mark, commenting is good, learning the smallest of things is cool, just keep hitting at the rock until you see it breaking, it will take time, but  you can do it!!!!

doing one video of statQuest is good enough!
learning slowly is good enough
learning and failing is good enough
do not run on anybody else's definition of what is good enough!

hacking/linux - doing 5 minutes of linux or hacking is good enough, doing the same thing everyday but consciously is good enough, you use linux all the time, you are writing on vim right now, these things count, you are doing git activities everyday, you are practicing the most essentials, you will learn the intricacies in time

foss - reading one line of somebody else's code is a contribution and is good enough, write that in the file, its okay, you did not have time, but you found time for one and gave for that too, it matters, you did your best and this will keep you in the loop

project | portfolio - looking at others projects and getting inspired is a tick mark, finiding inspiration and curiosities is  good. writing one line of code is good enough. publishing with small changes is good enough

Miscellaneous - taking breaks and doing small errands is okay as long as you have control over what  you are doing as you are precious, your time is precious, your life is precious, you cannot do bad in life if you do good  things everyday

book - reading a page of anything is good enough, reading deepstash is good enough, reading a word is good enough if you struggle to even start, taking and opening up the book is good enough!

snerb - be healthy,  be kind and be helpful are the  most important qualities of any human being, nothing else matters more than them, if  somebody meets you, they should be wanting  to work with you!!!! they should want you as your employee for no reason at all

dailyDiary -  clear your mind and open up here, write whatever you feel, so that you do not have pent up thoughts that  can cause you to malfunction, knowing that  anybody can read this if they see it is the point, you are accountable in time, past present or future, but you are seen by others. you are okay. you can do this life!!!

meditation - doing 5 minutes of nothingness can open you up to the  everything that  is going around you a little bit better with meditation than without it

ego is the enemy - be humble, be confident but never give into ego speak and think that you are above anything at all, you are equal and so are the others who you see right  now, talk to them, be helpful, be kind, be healthy and expect them to be healthy, kind and helpful too so that the environment is the  best possible.
